nrct' ost nuc

s· tc be 100100100000000011100, 00 359. (V. 12. 18. 20.) when

ι
1

1

00 procured the office t’or his son,
licinius Celsus, P. V 1820.

t Licinius, 80.. sfsctrous tribune of the commone 0. 0. 273 11. 43.

lictores, suendents on sll the greater megistrstes except the censore,
instituted by Romulus, whose office wss tc remote the crowd, to
see proper respect psid to the magicustss, sud to punish 0010010010.
Ι. 8.26; ·11. 55; ·.111 36

Ligures, the inhabitants 01 Liguris, ndistrict of Gallis (11001000,
bounded on the west by the rrver Varus, on pert of the north hythe
Padus, on the esst by the Macra, sud ou the south by the Sinus
Ligusticus. ‚They were long troublesome to the Romans. V. 35.

l Lingdnes, stribe of Gsuls in Lugdunensis Queru, st the sources 01

the rivers Sequens, Mose ond Metrons, vdeo, sloug with the Boii,
settled in Italy, st the south of the Po, nest its mouth V. 35.

¹ Ionghls, s town of the Volscians, taken by the Romans sud retslten

by the Volscisns under Coriolsuus. ΙΙ. 33, 39.

Luceres, s tribe 01 the equites ssid by Livy to hove been formed by ’

Romulus, other writers spplying the term to s tribe of the whole
people. 1. 13. 36.

Lucreth„ daughter 01 Sp. Lucretius Tricipitinus, snd wife 01 Ttt.
quinius Collatinus, who having been belored, ond trescherdusly
wronged by her husbsud’s relttt'ou, Sextus Tarquinius, stebbed heu
selfin presence of her father, her husband, of Brutus end Valesius.
previously detsiling the cause, sud imploring them to nvenge her
fstc. It wss this incident which led to the sholiticn 01 the regul
powers. 1. 57-59.

Ιιιιεο0011101010000110000.0000010.0 326 IV. 30.

Lucretius Flavus, Ι... consul, u. 0. 362, when he conquered the Ae-
quit militsry triburie, 364, when he conquered the Volscinienses.

Lucretids Tricipitinus, Ι.. consul, 0. 0. 292. when he almost de-
stroyed 010 Volscisus, defesting them twice, the letter unte wlteu
they were conjoined with the Aequi. 111. 8. 10.

Lucretius, Ρ.. consul. 0. c. 247. tl. 15.

Lucretius, Ρ.. prefectos the city, 0 0 29510 the absence 01 the
consuls, who were sttscktng the Volscisns 111. tt , .

Lucretius Tricipitinus, Ρ, military tribune 0. 0. 336; sud egsrn
338. tv. td. tr. ”

Lucretius Tricipitinus, Sp, snoble Romen, father 01 Lucretia, who
bsd been leil us prefect of 0ιο city by Tarquin, when thst moirsrch
wne eugeged' tn besieging Ardet. Afler the expulsion 01 the roysi
family, he wss elected consul in room of Brutus, but died in s few
days efter his appointment. 1. 58. 595 ΙΙ. 8.

Lucretius, Τ.. consul, 0. 0. 246, when be in some measure succeeded
in checking the Etrurisns; end again, 250. Π. 8. ll, 16.

Lucumo, the original neme of L. Γ1010010100 Priscus, probsbly s

 

